after these things King Ahasuerus
after these things King Ahasuerus promoted Haman the son of Hamad atha the
promoted Haman the son of Hamad atha the
promoted Haman the son of Hamad atha the aggregate and advanced him and set his
aggregate and advanced him and set his
aggregate and advanced him and set his seat above all the princes who were with
seat above all the princes who were with
seat above all the princes who were with him and all the king's servants who were
him and all the king's servants who were
him and all the king's servants who were within the Kings gate bound and paid
within the Kings gate bound and paid
within the Kings gate bound and paid homage to Haman for so the King had
homage to Haman for so the King had
homage to Haman for so the King had commanded concerning him but Mordecai
commanded concerning him but Mordecai
commanded concerning him but Mordecai would not bow or pay homage then the
would not bow or pay homage then the
would not bow or pay homage then the king's servants who were within the
king's servants who were within the
king's servants who were within the Kings gate said to Mordecai
Kings gate said to Mordecai
Kings gate said to Mordecai why do you transgress the king's command
why do you transgress the king's command
why do you transgress the king's command now it happened when they spoke to him
now it happened when they spoke to him
now it happened when they spoke to him daily and he would not listen to them
daily and he would not listen to them
daily and he would not listen to them but they told it to Haman to see whether
but they told it to Haman to see whether
but they told it to Haman to see whether Mordecai's words would stand for
Mordecai's words would stand for
Mordecai's words would stand for Mordecai had told them that he was a Jew
Mordecai had told them that he was a Jew
Mordecai had told them that he was a Jew when Haman saw that Mordecai did not bow
when Haman saw that Mordecai did not bow
when Haman saw that Mordecai did not bow or pay him homage Haman was filled with
or pay him homage Haman was filled with
or pay him homage Haman was filled with wrath but he disdained to lay hands on
wrath but he disdained to lay hands on
wrath but he disdained to lay hands on Mordecai alone for there told him of the
Mordecai alone for there told him of the
Mordecai alone for there told him of the people of Mordecai instead payments
people of Mordecai instead payments
people of Mordecai instead payments sought to destroy all the Jews who were
sought to destroy all the Jews who were
sought to destroy all the Jews who were throughout the whole kingdom of
throughout the whole kingdom of
throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus the people of Mordecai
Ahasuerus the people of Mordecai
Ahasuerus the people of Mordecai in the first month which is the month of
in the first month which is the month of
in the first month which is the month of Nisan in the 12th year of King Ahasuerus
Nisan in the 12th year of King Ahasuerus
Nisan in the 12th year of King Ahasuerus they cast pur that is the lot before
they cast pur that is the lot before
they cast pur that is the lot before Haman to determine the day in the month
Haman to determine the day in the month
Haman to determine the day in the month until it fell on the 12th month which is
until it fell on the 12th month which is
until it fell on the 12th month which is the month of ADA then Haman said to King
the month of ADA then Haman said to King
the month of ADA then Haman said to King Ahasuerus there is a certain people
Ahasuerus there is a certain people
Ahasuerus there is a certain people scattered and dispersed among the people
scattered and dispersed among the people
scattered and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of your kingdom
in all the provinces of your kingdom
in all the provinces of your kingdom their laws are different from all other
their laws are different from all other
their laws are different from all other people's and they do not keep the Kings
people's and they do not keep the Kings
people's and they do not keep the Kings laws therefore it is not fitting for the
laws therefore it is not fitting for the
laws therefore it is not fitting for the King to let them remain if it pleases
King to let them remain if it pleases
King to let them remain if it pleases the king let a decree be written that
the king let a decree be written that
the king let a decree be written that they be destroyed and I will pay ten
they be destroyed and I will pay ten
they be destroyed and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver into the
thousand talents of silver into the
thousand talents of silver into the hands of those who do the work to bring
hands of those who do the work to bring
hands of those who do the work to bring it into the Kings Treasuries so the King
it into the Kings Treasuries so the King
it into the Kings Treasuries so the King took his signet ring from his hand and
took his signet ring from his hand and
took his signet ring from his hand and gave it to Haman the son of Hamad 1/3
gave it to Haman the son of Hamad 1/3
gave it to Haman the son of Hamad 1/3 the aggregate the enemy of the Jews and
the aggregate the enemy of the Jews and
the aggregate the enemy of the Jews and the King said to Haman the money and the
the King said to Haman the money and the
the King said to Haman the money and the people are given to you to do with them
people are given to you to do with them
people are given to you to do with them as seems good to you then the Kings
as seems good to you then the Kings
as seems good to you then the Kings scribes were called on the 13th day of
scribes were called on the 13th day of
scribes were called on the 13th day of the first month and a decree was written
the first month and a decree was written
the first month and a decree was written according to all that Haman commanded to
according to all that Haman commanded to
according to all that Haman commanded to the King say traps to the governor's who
the King say traps to the governor's who
the King say traps to the governor's who were over each province to the officials
were over each province to the officials
were over each province to the officials of all people to every province
of all people to every province
of all people to every province according to its script and to every
according to its script and to every
according to its script and to every people in their language
people in their language
people in their language in the name of King Ahasuerus it was
in the name of King Ahasuerus it was
in the name of King Ahasuerus it was written and sealed with the Kings signet
written and sealed with the Kings signet
written and sealed with the Kings signet ring and the letters were sent by
ring and the letters were sent by
ring and the letters were sent by couriers into all the king's provinces
couriers into all the king's provinces
couriers into all the king's provinces to destroy to kill and to annihilate all
to destroy to kill and to annihilate all
to destroy to kill and to annihilate all the genomes of young and old little
the genomes of young and old little
the genomes of young and old little children and women in one day on the
children and women in one day on the
children and women in one day on the 13th day of the 12th month which is the
13th day of the 12th month which is the
13th day of the 12th month which is the month of Ada and to plunder their
month of Ada and to plunder their
month of Ada and to plunder their possessions a copy of the document was
possessions a copy of the document was
possessions a copy of the document was to be issued as law in every province
to be issued as law in every province
to be issued as law in every province being published for all people that they
being published for all people that they
being published for all people that they should be ready for that day the
should be ready for that day the
should be ready for that day the couriers went out hastened by the king's
couriers went out hastened by the king's
couriers went out hastened by the king's command and the decree was proclaimed in
command and the decree was proclaimed in
command and the decree was proclaimed in Shushan the citadel so the king and
Shushan the citadel so the king and
Shushan the citadel so the king and Haman sat down to drink but the City of
Haman sat down to drink but the City of
Haman sat down to drink but the City of Shushan was perplexed